Add media_extractor cookie-file documentation (#30152)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/media_extractor.markdown

| `entity_id`            | yes      | Name(s) of entities to seek media on, e.g., `media_player.living_room_chromecast`. Defaults to all.       |
| `media_content_id`     | no       | The ID of the content to play. Platform dependent.                                                        |
| `media_content_type`   | no       | The type of the content to play. Must be one of MUSIC, TVSHOW, VIDEO, EPISODE, CHANNEL or PLAYLIST MUSIC. |

### Cookies

> Some supported video sites are enhanced by a logged in user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some supported video services provide a better experience when you are logged in. For example, if you use Twitch Turbo or are subscribed to a Twitch streamer, logging in prevents the video stream from showing an "An ad is currently playing. Come back after the break." message until the ads are over. Other examples are private or purchased YouTube videos which you can only watch while logged in.
```
I like the explanation you provided in the core PR. I think it would be helpful to have it in the docs, as well. So I took the liberty of copying it over here.

> It's possible to add a Netscape format cookie file in the Home Assistant configuration directory that will be loaded each time a stream is loaded:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a Netscape format cookie file in the Home Assistant configuration directory. The cookie file will be loaded each time a stream is loaded:
```

> Some supported video services provide a better experience when you are logged in. For example, if you use Twitch Turbo or are subscribed to a Twitch streamer, logging in prevents the video stream from showing an "An ad is currently playing. Come back after the break." message until the ADS are over. Other examples are private or purchased YouTube videos which you can only watch while logged in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some supported video services provide a better experience when you are logged in. For example, if you use Twitch Turbo or are subscribed to a Twitch streamer, logging in prevents the video stream from showing an "An ad is currently playing. Come back after the break." message until the ad is over. Other examples are private or purchased YouTube videos which you can only watch while logged in.
```
Not sure why you changed "ads" to use caps? Lowercase is fine, according to [Merriam Webster](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/get-cookiestxt-locally/cclelndahbckbenkjhflpdbgdldlbecc)
nvm, I see now. The CI.

> Some supported video services provide a better experience when you are logged in. For example, if you use Twitch Turbo or are subscribed to a Twitch streamer, logging in prevents the video stream from showing an "An ad is currently playing. Come back after the break." message until the ads are over. Other examples are private or purchased YouTube videos which you can only watch while logged in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some supported video services provide a better experience when you are logged in. For example, if you use Twitch Turbo or are subscribed to a Twitch streamer, logging in prevents the video stream from showing an "An ad is currently playing. Come back after the break." message until the ad is over. Other examples are private or purchased YouTube videos which you can only watch while logged in.
```

```config/media_extractor/cookies.txt```

> This file can be generated using various browser extensions or created manually following this specification: [https://curl.se/rfc/cookie_spec.html](https://curl.se/rfc/cookie_spec.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the cookie file, you can use a browser extension. If you want to create one manually, follow this specification: [https://curl.se/rfc/cookie_spec.html](https://curl.se/rfc/cookie_spec.html).
```
Can you give an example of a browser extension that you would recommend for this?

Author: I didn't know if it was appropriate to steer users to a browser extension but the one I used is called ["Get cookies.txt LOCALLY"](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/get-cookiestxt-locally/cclelndahbckbenkjhflpdbgdldlbecc)
